cloud: support a new storage size for TiKV (#9588)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes-2022.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## July 19, 2022

* Provide a new option for TiKV node size: `8 vCPU, 32 GiB`. You can choose either `8 vCPU, 32 GiB` or `8 vCPU, 64 GiB` for a 8 vCPU TiKV node.
* Support syntax highlighting in sample code provided in the **Connect to TiDB** dialog to improve code readability. You can easily identify the parameters that you need to replace in the sample code.
* Support automatically validating whether TiDB Cloud can access your source data after you confirm the import task on the **Data Import Task** page.

> * Change the theme color of the TiDB Cloud console to be consistent with that of [PingCAP website](https://en.pingcap.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change the theme color of the TiDB Cloud console to make it consistent with that of [PingCAP website](https://en.pingcap.com/).
```
